1. Who developed Python Programming language?
        Guido van Rossum
2.Which type of Programming does Python support?
        It supportIt supports multiple programming Paradigms, including structured ,
Object-Oriented and Functional Programming.
3.Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
Yes
4.What is the correct extension of Python file?
.py
5..Is python code compiled or interpreted?
        interpreted
6.Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language.
        Indentation is used to define blocks of code.
7.State a character used to give single-line comments in Python?
        # 
8.Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working                
  on?
        sys.version()
9.Python supports the creation of anonymous function at runtime using a construct called
        lamda
10.What does pip stand for?
        Preferred installer program
11.Mention a few built-in functions in python.
        abs() : Returns the absolute value of a number
        all() : Returns True if all items in an iterable object are true
        any() : Returns True if any item in an iterable object is true
        ascii() : Returns a readable version of an object. Replaces none-ascii characters with 
                escape character
        bin() : Returns the binary version of a number
        bool() : Returns the boolean value of the specified object
        bytes() : Returns a bytes object
        complex() : Returns a complex number
12.What is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
        79
13.What are the benefits of using Python?
        Presence of third-party modules
        Extensive support libraries
        Open source and large active community base
        Versatile, Easy to read, learn and write
        User-friendly data structures
        High-level language
        Dynamically typed language
        Object-Oriented and Procedural Programming language
        Portable and Interactive
        Ideal for prototype - provide more functionality with less coding
        Highly Efficient
        Internet of Things Opportunities
        Interpreted Language
        Portable across Operating systems


14.How is memory managed in Python?
        Memory is managed in python by Garbage Collector 
        Garbage Collection is a process in which the interpreter frees  up the memory when not 
        use to make it available for other objects. Assume a case where no reference is pointing 
        to an object in memory, the virtual machine has a garbage collector that automatically 
        deletes that object from the heap memory.
        If two or more variables that have the same value, so, what Python virtual machine
        does is , rather than creating another object of the same value in the private heap,
        It actually makes the second variable point to that originally existing value in the 
        private heap.
        
15.How to install Python on Windows and set path variables?
        We can easily add Python to Windows path by downloading a recent version of 
        Python , and then checking the box to Add Python to Path at the bottom of the setup
        screen.


16.Is Indentation required in python?
        Yes